Document viewData() method for custom components (#18321)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/schemas/docs/08-custom-components.md

This assumes that you have a `resources/views/filament/schemas/components/chart.blade.php` file.

> You may pass data to this view by adding the `viewData()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may pass data to this view through the `viewData()` method:
```

```php
use Filament\Schemas\Components\View;

View::make('filament.schemas.components.chart')

>     ->viewData(fn (): array => ['foo' => 'bar'])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ->viewData(['data' => $data])
```
